<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h1 class="title-1 sigil_not_in_toc"><span class="kindle-cn-italic">“汉语风”系列读物其他分册</span><br />
  Other <span class="kindle-cn-italic">Chinese Breeze</span> titles</h1>

  <p>“汉语风”全套共8级近60册，自2007年11月起由北京大学出版社陆续出版。下面是已经出版或近期即将出版的各册书目。请访问北京大学出版社网站（www.pup.cn）关注最新的出版动态。</p>

  <p><span class="kindle-cn-italic">Hànyǔ Fēng</span> (<span class="kindle-cn-italic">Chinese Breeze</span>) series consists of nearly 60 titles at eight language levels. They have been published in succession since November 2007 by Peking University Press. For most recently released titles, please visit the Peking University Press website at www.pup.cn.</p>

  <h4 class="title-4-c sigil_not_in_toc">第1级：300词级<br />
  Level 1: 300 Word Level</h4>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">两个想上天的孩子<br />
  Two Children Seeking the Joy Bridge</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-kai">“叔叔，在哪里买飞机票？”</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-kai">“小朋友，你们为什么来买飞机票？要去旅行吗？”</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-kai">“不是。”“我们要到天上去。”</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-kai">……</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-kai">这两个要买飞机票的孩子，一个7岁，一个8岁。没有人知道，他们为什么想上天。这两个孩子也不知道，在他们出来以后，有人给他们的家里打电话，让他们的爸爸妈妈拿钱去换他们呢……</p>

  <p>“Sir, where is the air-ticket office?”</p>

  <p>“You two kids come to buy air-tickets? Are you gonna travel somewhere?”</p>

  <p>“Nope. ”“We just wanna go up to the Joy Bridge.”</p>

  <p>“The Joy Bridge?”</p>

  <p>...</p>

  <p>Of the two children at the airport to buy air-tickets, one is 7 and the other is 8. Beyond their wildest imaginings, after they ran away, their parents were called by some crooks who demanded a ransom to get them back...</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">我一定要找到她……<br />
  I Really Want to Find Her...</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-kai">那个女孩儿太漂亮了，戴伟、杰夫和秋田看到了她的照片，都要去找她！照片是老师死前给他们的，可是照片上的中国女孩儿在哪儿？他们都不知道。最后，他们到中国是怎么找到那个女孩儿的？女孩儿又和他们说了什么？</p>

  <p>She is really beautiful. Just one look at her photo and three guys, Dai-wei, Jie-fu and Qiu-tian, are all determined to find her! The photo was given to them by their professor before he died. And nobody knows where in China the girl is. How can the guys find her? And what happens when they finally see her?</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-align-center">我可以请你跳舞吗?<br />
  Can I Dance with You?</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-kai">一个在银行工作的男人，跟他喜欢的女孩子刚认识，可是很多警察来找他，要带他走，因为银行里的一千万块钱不见了，有人说是他拿走的。</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-kai">但是，拿那些钱的不是他，他知道是谁拿的。可是，他能找到证据吗？这真太难了。还有，以后他还能和那个女孩子见面吗？</p>

  <p>A smart young man suddenly gets into big trouble. He just fell in love with a pretty girl, but now the police come and want to arrest him. The bank he works for lost 10 million dollars, and the police list him as a suspect.</p>

  <p>Of course he is not the robber! He even knows who did it. But can he find evidence to prove it to the police? It's all just too much. Also, will he be able to see his girlfriend again?</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">向左向右<br />
  Left and Right: The Conjoined Brothers</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-kai">向左和向右是两个男孩子的名字，爸爸妈妈也不知道向左是哥哥还是向右是哥哥，因为他们连在一起，是一起出生的连体人。他们每天都一起吃，一起住，一起玩儿。他们常常都很快乐。有时候，弟弟病了，哥哥帮他吃药，弟弟的病就好了。但是，学校上课的时候，他们在一起就不方便了……</p>

  <p>Left and Right are two brothers. Even their parents don't know who is older and who is younger, as they are Siamese twins. They must do everything together. They play together, eat together, and sleep together. Most of the time they enjoy their lives and are very happy. When one was sick, the other helped his brother take his medicine and he got better. However, it's no fun anymore when they sit in class together but one brother dislikes the other's subjects...</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-align-center">你最喜欢谁？<br />
  Whom Do You Like More?</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-kai">谢红去了外国，她是方新喜欢的人，可是方新不想去外国，因为他要在中关村做他喜欢的工作。小月每天来看方新，她是喜欢方新、也能帮方新的人，可是方新还是想着谢红。方新真不知道应该怎么办……</p>

  <p>Xie Hong, Fang Xin's true love, has gone abroad to fulfill her dream. But Fang Xin only wants to stay in Zhongguancun in Beijing doing work that he enjoys. Xiao-yue comes to visit Fang Xin every day. She is the one who really understands Fang Xin. She loves him and can offer him the help that he badly needs. But only Xie Hong is in Fang Xin's mind. What should Fang Xin do? He seems to be losing his way in life...</p>

  <h4 class="title-4-c sigil_not_in_toc">第2级：500词级<br />
  Level 2: 500 Word Level</h4>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">电脑公司的秘密<br />
  Secrets of a Computer Company</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">我家的大雁飞走了<br />
  Our Geese Have Gone</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">青凤<br />
  Green Phoenix</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">如果没有你<br />
  If I Didn't Have You</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">妈妈和儿子<br />
  Mother and Son</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">出事以后<br />
  After the Accident</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">一张旧画儿<br />
  An Old Painting</p>

  <h4 class="title-4-c sigil_not_in_toc">第3级：750词级<br />
  Level 3: 750 Word Level</h4>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">第三只眼睛<br />
  The Third Eye</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">画皮<br />
  The Painted Skin</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">留在中国的月亮石雕<br />
  The Moon Sculpture Left Behind</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">朋友<br />
  Friends</p>

  <h4 class="title-4-c sigil_not_in_toc">第4级：1,100词级<br />
  Level 4: 1,100 Word Level</h4>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">好狗维克<br />
  Vick the Good Dog</p>

  <p class="kindle-cn-para-center">两件红衬衫<br />
  Two Red Shirts</p>
</body>
</html>
